Request has no headers, just param key q with a book title value that can be any string.
Response has many headers:
Expires → Mon, 04 Feb 2019 02:18:20 GMT - Gives time after which this response would be considered old 
Date → Mon, 04 Feb 2019 02:18:20 GMT - Gives time message was sent.
Cache-Control → private, max-age=0, must-revalidate, no-transform - cache control tells us what directives
	must be uced to process this request. Private means the response is intended for a single user, and must
	be stored in a private cache. max-age=0 means the version we got might be stale and we might want to 
	refresh and get a new version. must revalidate refers to this as well, we need a resource that is not
	considered stale. and no trasform means that nothing should be changed about the type of this message 
	while it is being sent.
ETag → "IUREzboS_XZycecz4xfru1ipYfo/WarAc2ARZKAJxgYfj_2-kGSEP6U" - an identifier for our message, sort of like
	an id.
Vary → Origin - vary tells us how to match future request headers to decide whether or not the
	cached response can be used without going back to the origin server. Origin means we got it fromt
	the origin
Vary → X-Origin - same thing as previous vary, means this copy is fromt he origin
Content-Type →application/json; charset=UTF-8 - This specifies what the content is encoded in,
	so in this case its in the json format with utf-8 (which i think is the defualt) character
	formating
Content-Encoding → gzip - type of encoding we are using, so gzip in this case.
X-Content-Type-Options → nosniff - this prevents the browers from "mime sniffing" our data,
	basically making sure the content arrives as expected and is not changed in any way
X-Frame-Options → SAMEORIGIN - clickjacking protection, our content will not render if there is	
	an origin mismatch
X-XSS-Protection →1; mode=block - cross site scripting filter, blocks cross site requests
Server →GSE - specifes server, we are using google servlet engine, since we are using googles api
Alt-Svc →quic=":443"; ma=2592000; v="44,43,39" - this is an "alternate network" from which our contents
	can be accessed
Transfer-Encoding →chunked - how our encoding is transferd, in this case its chunked, 
	and the chunks are sent out independently of one another